Add osu!idol 2019 Finals: Community Voting news post (#2832)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-11-19-osu-idol-2019-finals-community-voting.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!idol 2019 Finals: Community Voting"
date: 2019-11-19 12:00:00 +0000
---

It's been another amazing year for the osu!idol competition! There are three finalists we have for you to enjoy: [aceredshirt13](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13736238), [moof](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8457202), and [iamALieee](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10093980). Go give their entries a listen and vote for your favourite!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-11-19-osu-idol-2019-finals-community-voting/banner.jpg)

> osu!idol is a singing contest driven by the community where contestants can participate solo or as a duet and sing their way through multiple stages that consist of different themes and genres to see who will reach the top! Now it is up to you to decide who will be the winner!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu!idol is a contest driven by the community where contestants sing their way through multiple stages to see who will reach the top. Now it's up to you to decide who will be the winner!
```
first sentence is a super run-on, could cut out these details cuz they aren't relevant to finals voting

> [Last year's voting](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-05-osu-idol-2018-finals-community-voting-results) resulted in the community choosing [Will Stetson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4909088) to be the osu!idol of 2018 with [Zeva[FL]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2805170) and [MjIsMaster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9922896) taking second and third place respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Last year's voting](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-05-osu-idol-2018-finals-community-voting-results) resulted in the community choosing [Will Stetson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4909088) to be the osu!idol of 2018, with [Zeva[FL]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2805170) and [MjIsMaster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9922896) taking second and third place respectively.
```

---
layout: post

> title: "osu!idol 2019 Finals - Community Voting!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "osu!idol 2019 Finals: Community Voting"
```

Reviewer: or without the colon is fine too

date: 2019-11-19 12:00:00 +0000
---

It has been another amazing year for our osu!idol competition! There are three finalists we have for you to enjoy - [aceredshirt13](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13736238), [moof](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8457202), and [iamALieee](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10093980) - go give them a listen and vote for your favourite!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-11-19-osu-idol-2019-finals-community-voting/banner.jpg)

> ### What is osu!idol?

Reviewer: don't need this header

Author: removed, was going off header formatting from last year

osu!idol is a singing contest driven by the community where contestants can participate solo or as a duet and sing their way through multiple stages that consist of different themes and genres to see who will reach the top! Now it is up to you to decide who will be the winner!

[Last year's voting](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-05-osu-idol-2018-finals-community-voting-results) resulted in the community choosing [Will Stetson](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4909088) to be the osu!idol of 2018 with [Zeva[FL]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2805170) and [MjIsMaster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9922896) taking second and third place respectively. 

Who will win this year? It is up to you!

### Where can I vote?

> [Find the voting page here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/83)

Reviewer: this can be another sentence in the previous paragraph (and the header isn't necessary)

Author: removed header and moved to previous paragraph

> ### What will the prizes be?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prizing
```
or "Prizes" or something

headers shouldn't be written as questions

> * **1st:** will receive the osu!idol 2019 Winner profile Badge and 6 months supporter tag!

Reviewer: drop "will receive" from all of these

Author: removed and adjusted wording
